okay so welcome to another episode in
this time is listed here show us your
way and I'll take the moment that could
be the whole cake anything you go join
come on you one
yes always so what yeah got it
oh my god Oh Oh got it work it were in
this kind of videos would create Oh kind
of Harvard yeah oh he goes absolutely
multiple try so what if I take this up
oh there's actually that good Oh mmm
the good
so it was a success No yeah yes no no no
right
because you get him work for me oh my
careful okay fine it worked fine yeah
yeah and I would want happy
[Music]
so we're going to have to the neck and
we're going to shake it and it might
make a pudding
[Music]
we're gonna reduce me yeah basically
that I kid what's the process and it
Diane and how many kids today
oh yeah we're doing he ended it yeah
basically Al Anam we kid today are going
to juice today okay you could've almost
so they're gonna basically boil some
water
yeah Nicholas here I'm gonna so pretty
so only some water and also we're going
to be built the egg inside every 30
minutes
okay okay so what is this sound mixers
missing this sounded a little
[Music]
this is a site that's fine that's fine
oh it's really steamed I see it's
cracked you see that yeah whoa wait from
a distance oh I thought it's running
this is Washington's usually not
different more far away maybe just an
idea because the glass might crack two
minutes egg yep again we're gonna crack
the eggs oh I'm gonna catch a village at
the edge again it's custard pudding or
something Oh
why do you do oh it's kind of getting
white I think white house I think it's
almost Oh missed it but not home okay
okay
okay so it was it was basically a fail
but if you take more slowly
it might be my tonight and my tonight
but
you
[Music]